# Who Needs Heroes?
Is a surprisingly common sentiment that I see around the world nowadays! I don’t know where it came from. No one **usually** says this outright, of course, but there’s certainly a temperature shift among people that prevents them from talking at length about their idols and heroes like they used to. There’s a lot of things you can attribute this to but that’s an entirely different topic.

The importance of having someone to look up to, whether fictional or real is immeasurable and deeply necessary for every generation. A true role model gives us something to aspire to, grounds our sense of purpose, and reinforces why we believe in the things we do. Let me throw a younger reader for a whirl, and explain why this matters to me. My role model was Ken Kaneki — *that* Ken Kaneki — from Tokyo Ghoul.

From a very young age I was taught to be something of a pacifist, and I wanted to live up to that ideal, someone who would rather be hurt than hurt others and believed in perseverance regardless of circumstance. Part of me thinks I picked this up from my mother, another part from different pieces of my environment, but it’s all the same anyhow. I held that ideal high until I became about thirteen, and then I’d started to give up on it.

Around that same time, Tokyo Ghoul’s anime became a *huuuuuuge* icon on the internet — and I mean ***huuuuuuge!*** I can’t fault an older audience for not understanding my emphasis on this, but there truly was just nothing at all that swept the entire internet in 2015–2016 when Tokyo Ghoul’s anime got popular. This was comparable to when Death Note got its anime, people really ate this shit up, and so did thirteen year old me! Which then got me to read the manga, and the continuation of the manga, and now Choujin X. Sui Ishida’s new manga.

Kaneki’s story is one of perseverance and faith, in a world where people are divided by an uncontrollable piece of their lives (ghouls) Kaneki was the one who wanted to unite the two and create peace, even when he was unwanted. Fighting for unity and the betterment of both humans and ghouls, to support everyone he cared for and even the few he didn’t know the names of. He dedicated himself to this idea until the absolute bitter end of his life. This was what Kaneki believed in, and this was the type of person that I wanted to be — still strive to be.

The essence of a “good” human being is someone who is conscious of others and holds a deep-rooted, genuine care for those around them. Not to love every man like a brother, but to hold respect for his life and his freedoms as a living human being, and to be willing to be hurt — potentially killed to protect his freedoms alongside every other person that lives, because to do otherwise is cruel.

> *If, lets say, you were to write a story with me as the main character, it would certainly be a tragedy. **No.** Everyone’s the same, in fact. He’s the main character of his novel, and she’s the main character of her movie. All those that walk this earth are the main characters of their own tragedies. All steal, and from all, something is stolen. We can’t help it. That’s who we are. Steal, and be stolen. Imprison, and be imprisoned. Follow, and be followed. Do, and be done. Affirm and negate over and over.*
>
> *We fight ceaselessly to save ourselves from loss. And yet the people and places we love will one day surely be lost. We will all surely be forgotten. Life is sad. Empty. But, despite knowing we will one day be bereft, despite knowing we will one day disappear, we still strive in wretched ways. We still wish to be beautiful. And I consider. “Which one?” I choose. “This one.” Forever choosing, forever being chosen. Nothing more. Nothing less.*
> — *Ken Kaneki. Tokyo Ghoul, Volume 16 Chapter 177.*

In other words… To be a good person is to be **Ken Kaneki.** This is what I believe deep in my heart. I think every man & woman should have a Ken Kaneki in their lives. Not to repeat these beliefs verbatim, but to establish a set of beliefs for themselves and to have a hero who reinforces those beliefs at a young age to keep a future generation in perseverance.

I want people to talk more about their heroes, too. We have a culture on social media that belittles people for talking passionately about who they admire, and it makes me upset, because it makes people hide the heroes they should feel proud to display to the world. It doesn’t matter if your hero comes from the absolute worst written, borderline 2/10 show on the planet, that is your hero.

Be proud of that hero, and never let them go. Keep believing.
